 
LivePage version 0.0.0+svn

Copyright the-cell.co.uk
For Licencing, see LICENCE
 
Install instructions:
 
1/ Aquire source. 
   
  Download and unpack the release tarball or grab a copy of svn.
  Since you are reading this, you probably don't need to be told this, as you already have done so or should know to ;)
  
  Running SVN is not recommended for production environments because we will break the DEVELOPMENT tree occasionally.
  Just to make sure the developers are paying attention, ya see.
  Consider yourself warned :P
   
2/ Creating databases.
   
  Create mysql database and user for each site necessary and load schema.sql.
  At some point in the future, this step will be automated.
  
  LivePage requires a mysql database for each distinct site it is going to run.
  At a later date you may use site prefixes to run multiple sites off the same database, but we generally don't recomend it.
  If you wish to run the -same- site on two or more domains, using just one database is covered in vhosting.
  Please note that the www. subdomain will be stripped off the begining of the domain name.
   
3/ Global configuration.

  Copy config.example.php to config.php, review it's contents and edit as required.

  Without a config.php, bad things happen.
  Not following instructions will probably lead you to stress.
  
4/ Localised configuration.

  Create a config file for each domain you wish to host on this install.
  Files should be named like domains/livepage.org.uk.php and can contain any settings listed in config.example.php.
  
  The localised config settings are only loaded if you set $config['vhosts'] to 1 in config.php.
  If you wish to load multiple sites on the same database (domain.com and domain.net for instance), input the same database settings in to both files.
  
  Do not include database settings in config.php if you specify that you wish to use the vhosting code.
  If you tell it you want to use vhosts, certain settings will only be loaded from the localised configs.
  If you tell it you don't want to use vhosts, localised configs will be ignored.

5/ Check permissions

  It's important to make sure files/ is writable by the webserver, otherwise logo uploads will fail miserably.
  
6/ Almost done...

  You should now have a working install.  Well done.
  
  Next please go and change the admin pass (defaults to admin).
  You may also wish to customise your site, as the default settings are rather boring.
  
 
